Abort signalling (#732)
cloudflare/wrangler2: .changeset/wet-tables-pretend.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> fix: abort some of the fetches when we unmount the `Remote` component.
> Adding abort to the `waitForPortToBeAvailable` as an option and in the `useEffect` the abort signal is called in the return which allows for graceful closing with no hanging
> of the `waitForPortToBeAvailable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: abort async operations in the `Remote` component to avoid unwanted side-effects

When the `Remote` component is unmounted, we now signal outstanding `fetch()` requests, and
`waitForPortToBeAvailable()` tasks to cancel them. This prevents unexpected requests from appearing
after the component has been unmounted, and also allows the process to exit cleanly without a delay.
```
